TURBULENCE 2D brings high-quality fluid dynamics to After Effects. 
Several channels of arbitrary video input provide maximum flexibility 
for creation of fire, smoke and a huge variety of other truly organic 
effects. Turbulence.2D puts a state-of-the-art fluid simulator into your
toolbox that provides many ways of using the itâ€™s organic complexity 
in your work.


TURBULENCE 2D puts a state-of-the-art fluid simulator into your toolbox 
that provides many ways of using it\\\\\\\'s organic complexity in your work. 
Density (smoke or paint), fuel, temperature, color and texture 
coordinates can be injected into the fluid and visualized in several 
different render modes while flowing. Furthermore, a very precise, 
built-in Motion Blur can be added for fast flows.


Force or velocity, extraction and contraction, static or moving solid 
obstacles can affect the flow and allow for endless variantions. 
Animated textures can be rendered distorted, color-mixed or refracted by
the fluid. Velocity or force can be added to the flow to create wind 
and other streams. It can also be extracted from the flow for use in 
separate effects like motion blur. Various alpha modes let you create 
unseen masking effects.


In TURBULENCE 2D, obstacles are solid objects that do not flow. They 
affect the fluid but the fluid does not affect them. You can use 
arbitrary shapes as solids - buckets, paddles, walls, ramps or text. The
image below shows and example of text as a solid object, that forces 
green vapor to flow around it.


The velocity inputs in TURBULENCE.2D use Motion Vectors. Many other 
tools like motion blur effects use this representation, so you can 
combine them easily. Using velocity inputs you can for example create 
wind that blows your density, color or fuel around.


TURBULENCE 2D provides several render modes to visualize fluids. You can
use several color gradients to control the appearance of several 
flowing materials. These include fire, smoke, color and texture. Texture
can be distorted of refracted by the fluid.


TURBULENCE 2D contains a two fire models. One simulates fire as 
realistic as possible in 2D, the other creates stylized fire. The 
stylized fire produces very complex and psychedelic animations.


Fluid simulation is computationally very intensive and typically, fluid 
software is pretty slow. TURBULENCE 2D is optimized for speed. Besides 
using all available processor cores, it also supports the graphics 
processor (GPU) to be used to accelerate the simulation up to 10 times. 
This allows for very intuitive experimentation at interactive frame 
rates.


Requirements : After Effects CS5/5.5 - Windows